hi this is Daniel D taro Louisiana
Creole cuisine blends the old world with
the new world for this flavorful recipe
that you can prepare using either shrimp
or chicken you'll need about 1 pound of
cooked or raw shrimp you can substitute
chicken if desired 1 cup of long grain
converted or parboiled rice 8 ounces of
canned tomato sauce and 14 to 15 ounces
of canned diced tomatoes 1 cup of
chicken or vegetable broth 2 to 3 stalks
of celery diced and 1 red or green bell
pepper diced 1 medium to large onion
diced and for seasoning 1 bay leaf 1 TSP
of kosher salt 1/2 TSP of white pepper
1/2 teaspoon of black pepper 1/4 to 1/2
teaspoon of cayenne pepper 1 and 1/2
teaspoons of dried thyme and 1 tsp of
fresh or dried basil 1 tablespoon of
butter and 2 tablespoons of olive oil
heat the olive oil in a large pan or
Dutch oven add the onions and saute
about five minutes until golden but not
burnt add the butter to the pan and stir
until melted
then add the celery onion and peppers
saute about 5 minutes or until tender
stir occasionally and scrape the bottom
of the pan if necessary add the broth to
the pan followed by the seasoning and
stir to combine
cook on medium heat 5 to 10 minutes
stirring occasionally add the tomato
sauce and diced tomatoes and stir to
thoroughly combine reduce the heat to
low simmer 30 minutes stirring
occasionally meanwhile bring about 2
quarts of water to a rapid boil add
about a tablespoon of salt if desired
and the rice cook 15 to 20 minutes
occasionally until the rice is tender
but firm drain the rice and set aside
after the sauce has cooked 30 minutes
turn off the heat and add the shrimp or
chicken to the sauce stir to coat with
the sauce then cover and let's stand 10
minutes for the raw shrimp to poach or
to heat the cooked chicken or shrimp
through to serve mount about 3/4 cup of
rice in the center of the plate and
surround it with the shrimp and sauce an
11 ounce serving has about 390 calories
and 400 to 650 milligrams of sodium
thank you for watching